// Patrick Soga
// Section 2 Lab 10
// 26 November 2019
// report.txt: crossword report

From a user's perspective, the program works with three possible inputs: an interactive mode, an input file mode, and a input/output
file mode. The interactive mode lets the user enter their custom words into the crossword, the input file mode lets the user use a
custom file with words written in it as input for the program, and the input/output file mode lets the user use the input file mode
while placing program output into a file of their choosing. Upon generating a crossword, they can use the clues to solve the
crossword.

Internally, the program works by generating an empty board, sanitizing and sorting the given words by length, and centering the 
largest word in the middle of the board. After that, the instructions in the lab 10 website were strictly followed to ensure
there were no words with fewer than 1 space between them. In order to determine where each word went on the board, information
regarding where the previously placed words was recorded such as beginning character coordinates, word length, and orientation were
placed in the 2D vector wordData. The various checking of valid words was done by navigating the methods in the board class
implemented by board.cpp given by board.h. After placing as many words as possible, the remaining words are placed in a vector
to be printed. ifstream was used to make file i/o possible. 

I verified the correctness of the program by running some of the given examples and comparing output. Even though this program's
output differed in certain respects, around the same number of words were able to be placed. This algorithm was strictly greedy,
offering no optimization, picking the first available position in the soonest available word, so it is expected that this program's
output is not the same as those provided. Beyond provided examples, I also verified correctness by looking at various boards generated
and making sure as many words as possible were added to the puzzle while conforming to the crossword rules.
